all right folks welcome back
so today we had the chairman speaking at
two o'clock in the afternoon
you can see that here now I'm gonna
kind of work backward today
and I'm gonna talk about the one minute
chart work our way back out to a higher
time frame
so it's kind of like a bottom-up
analysis
so uh
ahead of the two o'clock in the
afternoon
fed chairman
jawboning session uh we've seen this
little Judas Point here and notice that
it just fell short
um the morning High and the high comes
here at 12 5 35 and a half
and over here in the morning session
12535 and three quarters so it felt one
quarter of a point or one tick
short of that high
so it runs up after clearing relative
equal highs then breaks lower no model
short in here
then the market drops once more below
relative equal lows
now what are these lows here
these are the lows in lunch hour New
York lunch okay here's noon to one and I
taught you in the mentorship that many
times when there's an afternoon
continuation to the upside
you'll see that the lows at lunch time
will get swept and we're seeing that
here now it dug down deeper into an area
which I did a recording for Twitter
today and
my chart didn't have this I thought I
had it because I was looking at another
monitors but
this is the imbalance that I was looking
at that unfortunately doesn't appear in
there but it's there obviously and it's
below the relative equal lows and the
market drops down below that and then
all of this right here was manipulation
and there's lots of manipulation
initially the market rallies up
and what I was outlining here is the
time of the recording I had this
actually misspelled had it racked they
should be rigged as it should I think
that's the right spelling I'm even
questioning it again now but uh
basically what's implying here is that
long holders were raked across the coals
not permitted to profit on the 12 553 in
a quarter run so it starts off like it's
going to go up to that level we were
looking for and fall short of it and
breaks down so what's actually happening
is is buy stops are being triggered so
anyone that wants to go long on like
bull flag patterns and things like that
or breakout Traders they're buying and
then they're getting taken against their
long withdraw down until they either
stopped out or if they don't have
stop-offs they get squeezed out so they
can't take it anymore they just bail out
below the relative equal lows any long
holders from the morning they have
trailed their stop loss below here so
they take them out why because they
don't want them being able to profit to
the real move what was the real move I
hinted at twelve thousand five five
three and a quarter that was a draw in
liquidity so we took out the New York
lunch lows here and what I was
suggesting here is shorts are about to
be squeezed as it rips higher into
twelve thousand five hundred oh that
should be five five three sorry that's a
misprint there you all know what that is
because it's right here but
I was being facetious when I was
recording because as I was watching I
was watching it run out
then it broke down I was like okay
they're gonna take the liquidity out
below here and dig into this imbalance
pick up some more orders I got one off
as far as a long and a really poor entry
but I was really focused on just being
below
these relative equal those I was fine
and my stop was here because you'll see
in the
on my Twitter feed and you can find me
on Twitter at
the at symbol capital I underscore
a m
underscore v t h e underscore ICT in
other words so anyway that little
recording
shows me getting in here and it's below
the lows and I was out by how this is
not a
your favorite got to go short at and
it's resistance don't look it like that
it went up a little bit made a little
notation and annotation rather that this
was not resistance it's going to lift
off from here and it went down to an
order block started rallying and I was
basically outlining the internal
dialogue of those individuals that may
be short from like twelve thousand five
thirty and their stock also be right
here and I was kind of like saying
what would you feel if you were short
from up here would you feel safe
certainly you would feel safe but I said
watch how that changes and then all of a
sudden it starts running up
and then
in here we have order block it trades
into that multiple times
to realize that fair value Gap I
outlined that it didn't get into it but
I was allowing for that type of movement
and then at three o'clock the algorithms
will start to spool price in the
direction for the liquidity which was
that twelve thousand five five three and
a quarter level which it hammers
there and I'll put the business up right
here
and you'll see
what you should be seeing
what I told you my eyes are not that
good oh here it is
you saw about two twelve thousand four
Seventeen and three quarters so just
below this 20 Level here
mainly focusing on this because I missed
the opportunity getting in during this
little imbalance there so that fair back
out I wanted to be in it there but
unfortunately I didn't get the position
on in time and it was over here on this
candle so I wasn't quick enough on the
draw so the market trades back down into
the order block and look at how it
delivers with that fear of Vega look at
that
beautiful delivery revisits there with
the order block
rallies up
pause
send it higher order block
sends a higher
consolidates right below the target
we've been looking for and then they
pump it up into
maybe here twelve thousand five three
and a quarter and above
and again fulfill
an exits and that's the business there
um
let's go and take
some of this
off we don't need to see this anymore we
don't need to see that anymore
we don't need this
and don't need that
okay and I'm gonna take you to a five
minute chart
[Music]
okay now it doesn't look so obvious in
here as to what may be available
but
we just bumped below that high
early on in the morning
then broke down and all the liquidity
resting above here
was treating the
retail market like
hey you can trust us you know this is
resistance it's not going to go up there
and then when it starts to sell off like
this
notice that my model did not give a
setup this morning or not this morning
but this afternoon it didn't give this
setup in here even though it didn't run
by side it did sell off it did not give
a setup notice that it's important to
notice that so some of you are fearful
what happens if I take a trade and it's
wrong hopefully you see that not it's
not like this all the time but you'll
find that when the Market's really
in sync
these algorithmic principles will not
appear
in markets that are not likely to
deliver as I'm showing you so it's not a
fantasy it means it's not going to work
all the time but hopefully you can see
that there are times when the market
does sell off
but it doesn't give us a setup but then
it creates the real move the other
direction where you can find my setups
and the formations of the Fairway Gap
and such so
obviously you can see that you know the
market did in fact trade down into the
imbalance on that one minute chart
and it rallies from there into the 12
553 level we'll take that level off now
and I'm gonna go out to a 15 minute time
frame
don't want to spend too much time here
get an imbalance in here it trades down
into that as well on the 15 minute time
frame optimal trade entry
here
and realize that for the most high
liquidity again aiming for that twelve
thousand five five three and a quarter
and we'll look at the 16 inch term
[Music]
okay in the market trades back down into
all this here
and rallies up
and
[Music]
this was that area I was telling you
about a week or so ago this is what
we're looking for I mentioned that on my
community tab on my YouTube channel
and we have now just pressed up into
that area so let's go over here and do
this
and I think we'll use this one as the
higher one you can see we did in fact
clear that in that's where that 12 000
I3 level
and a quarter rather came from I'm not
suggesting that we're making a high here
to go lower
the next area on the upside you know
it's really sloppy over here I would
look for this one here next
and what is that high
12 6 24 even
and if we start to really run we could
revisit this area here but I'm not going
so far as to say that for right now but
just look for uh this one here that's
that's a nice one to look for in the
next
upside right there I think that's a fair
one too
to anticipate and study and I think that
is going to be it
um no I'm going to show you one more
time frames
the daily chart
uh can I get that to pop up
um
[Music]
foreign
relative equal highs and here we ran up
into that so that's that whole business
based on the daily chart as I was
talking about in
I don't know what episode was recently
in the mentorship on YouTube so
hopefully you guys can see that that is
in fact what we were working with for
daily bias uh yes you know the market
did in fact create you know a big run
lower
and then create another run lower here
but that wasn't my setup
I was drawing everyone's attention up to
that twelve thousand five by three level
and this was the run that I liked and
this is the one that was the hunt Okay
and
here's that little one here and there so
anyway
not a whole lot of uh
money through that paper trade there's
like a little over five thousand dollars
in terms of hypothetical profit but hey
it worked you know you guys can see that
the effects of it and it's a little bit
of an advanced idea but I did teach
about the general
factors that go behind PM or afternoon
session trading if you're publish and it
consolidates in lunch find the lunch
lows wait for it to run that out and
then they'll resume and it's right out
of the teachings in this mentorship on
this YouTube channel so hopefully you
found this one insightful and I'll touch
base with you again on Thursday Lord
will